this is lab1 
tux has input lag xP

Question 1:
Made some random edits to the vi_lab file

Question 2:
Pressing Escape on the command line, was similar to entering a Command mode on Vim. 'k' 'k' after the esc, displayed the above commands, while 'w' 'w' moved 
the cursor to the right, a put me back on insert mode. 

Question 3:
So i entered the command mode again and this time k k took me to the second last command and w moved the cursor towards
the right. ~ when i pressed this on the command : vi lab1 it changed the commmand to vi Lab1 which was the name for
my directory. Enter the activated the command.

Well, at a second try for this question I understood that ~ actually Capitalized the character the cursor was on.

Question 4:
I see the read, write, and execute permission on the left hand side of the files available in that folder/directory.




Question 5:
I just gave the group and other users the permission to read my file while the user has read and write permissions.
The user does not have execution permission to some_file

Question 6:
I just gave other and group users the permission to read and write the file but they cannot execute that file. 
While I as the user can read, write, and execute that file.

Question 7:
yes i can read my funny file
Question 8:
yes i can read my hello.bash file

Question 9:
No I was not able to execute the file
Question 10:
chmod 700
chmod 755
both of them provide me execution rights. maybe sudo should also work since that would make me the admin.
Question 11:
No i was not able to write the file. I had to forcefully write the file using :wq! in vim.

Question 12:
ls * - displayed all the results
ls a* - displayed all the results with a as their first letter (annoy annoy.c)
ls *m* - displayed all the results with m in their name (telecom file, itemList, itemList-2cols)
ls anno? - displayed all the results with anno as their first 4 letters (only the annoy file not annoy.cc)
ls annoy? - did not display any results

Curiously speaking the * displayed all the results but the ? did display results which had . in their name. 
Could not conclude the reason why this happend. 

Question 13:
It created to different files to edit. And I had to refer to ViTutor to figure out how to switch between the two files. 
Just gave up and :q!

Question 14:
ls -h:
--human-readable
	with -l and -s, print sizes like 1k, 234M 2G etc.

ls -l: 
use a long listing format

ls -t:
sort by modification time, newest first

ls -A;
--almost-all
	shell PATTERN (overrriden by -a or -A)


ls -d;
--directory

Name: Pratham Kwatra



UniID: 14375328
